Mr. Li, I went to investigate the surveillance at the scene of the incident
But it was destroyed.
I have contacted the technical department.
Restore ASAP.
How long at least three days
Three days. I don't have that much time.
I want results tonight
Get out when it's repaired
I'll get the tech department to step up
Hello
What!
The people from Mr. Li's detention center said that his wife was missing
Pardon me?
Doctor, when can he write?
It depends on his own will to survive
Ah wake up
Ziyu
What are you doing here?
Didn't you go to jail?
My dad is at the top of the History Corporation
How could I go to jail so easily?
What have you done to me?
Hey, I'm your savior now
What can I do to you?
You saved my life.
Six months ago, Song Jixue sent someone to beat you into a vegetable
I spent a lot of money and effort
Just rescued you
Am I not your savior?
Has passed
Has it been half a year?
Yeah, half a year ago
Song Jixue had already moved into Li's villa
He also gave birth to a son for Libei Hyun
After this month?
Li Beixian
They're going to have a feast for their son.
Are you reconciled?